docs/smart-contract-info.md, before:

---
id: smart-contract-info
title: Smart Contract Info
sidebar_label: Smart Contract Info
---


> All ethereum based contract addresses used in the CanYa project

## MainNet

### CanYa SmartContracts

| Name | Address | Owner | Solidity Version | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|[CAN20](assets/smart-contract/CAN20.sol)|0x1d462414fe14cf489c7a21cac78509f4bf8cd7c0|CanYaHQ-1|0.4.15|ERC20|
|[CAN223](https://github.com/canyaio/canya-contracts/blob/master/contracts/CAN223.sol)|0x0|CanYaHQ-1|0.5.0|ERC223 with network fee|
|[CAN223](https://github.com/canyaio/canya-contracts/blob/master/contracts/CAN777.sol)|0x0|CanYaHQ-1|0.5.0|ERC777 with network fee|
|[TokenSwap](https://github.com/canyaio/canya-contracts/blob/master/contracts/TokenSwap.sol)|0x0|-|0.5.0|Swap from CAN20 to CAN223|
|[AssetSplit](https://github.com/canyaio/canya-contracts/blob/master/contracts/AssetSplit.sol)|0x0|-|0.5.0|Splits to DAO recipients|
|[CanWork-Escrow](https://github.com/canyaio/canwork-contracts/tree/master/canwork-job/contracts)|0x6890f982416a44589cb044d2b136d8dce44483df|CanWork Admins (RBAC)|0.4.24|Proxy contract -> current impl of CanWork|
|[CanWork-Admin](https://github.com/canyaio/canwork-contracts/tree/master/canwork-admin/contracts)|0x7c0d049bcc125c3276da0a2fc59e36b89bab1ff4||Multi sig (CLI 1-2-3)|Proxy contract -> current impl of admin app used to manage user auth|
|[CanHire](https://github.com/canyaio/canseek-contracts/blob/master/contracts/CanHire.sol)|0xfd6fa39c22412de6bbc3684b130fb4cab89bebae|-|0.4.23|Main contract handling job posting etc|
|[CanHire-Escrow](https://github.com/canyaio/canseek-contracts/blob/master/contracts/Escrow.sol)|0x4c540ae83ebe431ea17493bec3805f607085a5a9|-|0.4.23|Controls flow of money between user and CanSeek|

### ThirdParty SmartContracts

| Name | Address | Owner | Solidity Version | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|[Price-Oracle](https://github.com/canyaio/canya-contracts-price-oracle/blob/master/contracts/ERC20BancorPriceOracle.sol)|0x6B22026eb0B17D4d5e48cE99B7104e90baB1c652|-|?|Price oracle for CAN:BNT used in value calculations|
|[Price-OracleBase](https://github.com/canyaio/canya-contracts-price-oracle/blob/master/contracts/ERC20BancorPriceOracleBase.sol)|0xB50DDE894b4083db9cb1F2eFC57deAA11C7cB485|-|?|Price oracle for BNT:DAI used in value calculations|
|[Bancor-Converter](https://github.com/canyaio/canya-contracts-price-oracle/blob/master/contracts/BancorConverter.sol)|0x5142127A6703F5Fc80BF11b7b57fF68998F218E4|-|0.4.21|CAN - BNT Bancor Converter|
|Bancor-Converter|0x587044b74004E3D5eF2D453b7F8d198d9e4cB558|-|0.4.21|BNT - DAI Bancor Converter|

### Multi-sigs


| Name | Address | Owner | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|Ops Wallet|0x8c7C4814d2512AF1029719803c42fe7b629d51c8|CL1-2|CanYa Ops Wallet|
|DAO|0x685678927216DF235A4A5A952EfE88ed55e62Ff2|CL1-3|DAO Address|
|CanYa|0xF6C969DEaAb707a4F5B2Ce2103CC00d084cc893E|CL1-4|CanYa Wallet|
|Charity|0xcB6f7fD9A84452d23d44106A8aA3f8C62520Bb89|CL1-5|Charity Wallet|
|CAN-BancorRelay|0x856D41AB6e3128bd9f49E168230CD78cE7C1E045|CL1-12|Bancor Relay Owner|

## Ropsten

| Name | Address | Owner | Solidity Version | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|CAN20|0x38d89a3bd248f238fc467cd8a45c548a5b70659e|CanYaHQ-1|0.4.15|ERC20|
|CAN20|0xee9154ab6366416e80a1eb718954abe2ae406274|CanYaHQ-1|0.4.15|ERC20|
|CAN223|0x0|CanYaHQ-1|0.5.0|ERC223 with network fee|
|TokenSwap|0x0|-|0.5.0|Swap from CAN20 to CAN223|
|AssetSplit|0x0|-|0.5.0|Splits to DAO recipients|
|CanWork-Escrow|0xae713a4428e61bfedacde3480b8699cef2940930|-|0.4.24|Proxy contract -> current impl of CanWork|
|CanWork-Admin|0xe7da39f5edd865f0d52f2793dc8e4d82dfa10f10|-|0.4.24|Proxy contract -> current impl of admin app used to manage user auth|
|CanHire|0x43461f82584da6e714d4745470a97ee745629ba2|-|0.4.23|Main contract handling job posting etc|
|CanHire-Escrow|0x021224710e96181acf84a5eeb5114652e3e622c9|-|0.4.23|Controls flow of money between user and CanSeek|

### ThirdParty SmartContracts

| Name | Address | Owner | Solidity Version | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|PriceOracle|0x2d60C66E51Da17384ED2E05f6aBFE63551979eA3|-|?|Price oracle for CAN:BNT used in value calculations|
|PriceOracleBase|0x625A2E3Ca1EBfa4c580C97cfc5187D4A46a7C14C|-|?|Price oracle for BNT:DAI used in value calculations|
|Bancor-Converter|0xf388f8bD7aAEE44524CFA8f91Eb78A799F71060E|-|0.4.21|CAN - BNT Bancor Converter|
|Bancor-Converter|0x634bE2E2a1Abb279F08A071a2d05DAD3c2282c9D|-|0.4.21|BNT - DAI Bancor Converter|

Commit message:

Added CanSend smart contract info

docs/smart-contract-info.md, after:

---
id: smart-contract-info
title: Smart Contract Info
sidebar_label: Smart Contract Info
---


> All ethereum based contract addresses used in the CanYa project

## MainNet

### CanYa SmartContracts

| Name | Address | Owner | Solidity Version | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|[CAN20](assets/smart-contract/CAN20.sol)|0x1d462414fe14cf489c7a21cac78509f4bf8cd7c0|CanYaHQ-1|0.4.15|ERC20|
|[CAN223](https://github.com/canyaio/canya-contracts/blob/master/contracts/CAN223.sol)|0x0|CanYaHQ-1|0.5.0|ERC223 with network fee|
|[CAN223](https://github.com/canyaio/canya-contracts/blob/master/contracts/CAN777.sol)|0x0|CanYaHQ-1|0.5.0|ERC777 with network fee|
|[TokenSwap](https://github.com/canyaio/canya-contracts/blob/master/contracts/TokenSwap.sol)|0x0|-|0.5.0|Swap from CAN20 to CAN223|
|[AssetSplit](https://github.com/canyaio/canya-contracts/blob/master/contracts/AssetSplit.sol)|0x0|-|0.5.0|Splits to DAO recipients|
|[CanSend](https://gitlab.com/canya-com/cansend/contracts/blob/master/contracts/CanSend.sol)|0x611eee5ef33c90a1cb2da72eb3f6cda5c6bf5dd2||0.4.19|Contract for CanSend|
|[CanWork-Escrow](https://github.com/canyaio/canwork-contracts/tree/master/canwork-job/contracts)|0x6890f982416a44589cb044d2b136d8dce44483df|CanWork Admins (RBAC)|0.4.24|Proxy contract -> current impl of CanWork|
|[CanWork-Admin](https://github.com/canyaio/canwork-contracts/tree/master/canwork-admin/contracts)|0x7c0d049bcc125c3276da0a2fc59e36b89bab1ff4||Multi sig (CLI 1-2-3)|Proxy contract -> current impl of admin app used to manage user auth|
|[CanHire](https://github.com/canyaio/canseek-contracts/blob/master/contracts/CanHire.sol)|0xfd6fa39c22412de6bbc3684b130fb4cab89bebae|-|0.4.23|Main contract handling job posting etc|
|[CanHire-Escrow](https://github.com/canyaio/canseek-contracts/blob/master/contracts/Escrow.sol)|0x4c540ae83ebe431ea17493bec3805f607085a5a9|-|0.4.23|Controls flow of money between user and CanSeek|

### ThirdParty SmartContracts

| Name | Address | Owner | Solidity Version | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|[Price-Oracle](https://github.com/canyaio/canya-contracts-price-oracle/blob/master/contracts/ERC20BancorPriceOracle.sol)|0x6B22026eb0B17D4d5e48cE99B7104e90baB1c652|-|?|Price oracle for CAN:BNT used in value calculations|
|[Price-OracleBase](https://github.com/canyaio/canya-contracts-price-oracle/blob/master/contracts/ERC20BancorPriceOracleBase.sol)|0xB50DDE894b4083db9cb1F2eFC57deAA11C7cB485|-|?|Price oracle for BNT:DAI used in value calculations|
|[Bancor-Converter](https://github.com/canyaio/canya-contracts-price-oracle/blob/master/contracts/BancorConverter.sol)|0x5142127A6703F5Fc80BF11b7b57fF68998F218E4|-|0.4.21|CAN - BNT Bancor Converter|
|Bancor-Converter|0x587044b74004E3D5eF2D453b7F8d198d9e4cB558|-|0.4.21|BNT - DAI Bancor Converter|

### Multi-sigs


| Name | Address | Owner | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|Ops Wallet|0x8c7C4814d2512AF1029719803c42fe7b629d51c8|CL1-2|CanYa Ops Wallet|
|DAO|0x685678927216DF235A4A5A952EfE88ed55e62Ff2|CL1-3|DAO Address|
|CanYa|0xF6C969DEaAb707a4F5B2Ce2103CC00d084cc893E|CL1-4|CanYa Wallet|
|Charity|0xcB6f7fD9A84452d23d44106A8aA3f8C62520Bb89|CL1-5|Charity Wallet|
|CAN-BancorRelay|0x856D41AB6e3128bd9f49E168230CD78cE7C1E045|CL1-12|Bancor Relay Owner|

## Ropsten

| Name | Address | Owner | Solidity Version | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|CAN20|0x38d89a3bd248f238fc467cd8a45c548a5b70659e|CanYaHQ-1|0.4.15|ERC20|
|CAN20|0xee9154ab6366416e80a1eb718954abe2ae406274|CanYaHQ-1|0.4.15|ERC20|
|CAN223|0x0|CanYaHQ-1|0.5.0|ERC223 with network fee|
|TokenSwap|0x0|-|0.5.0|Swap from CAN20 to CAN223|
|AssetSplit|0x0|-|0.5.0|Splits to DAO recipients|
|CanSend|||0.4.19|Contract for CanSend|
|CanWork-Escrow|0xae713a4428e61bfedacde3480b8699cef2940930|-|0.4.24|Proxy contract -> current impl of CanWork|
|CanWork-Admin|0xe7da39f5edd865f0d52f2793dc8e4d82dfa10f10|-|0.4.24|Proxy contract -> current impl of admin app used to manage user auth|
|CanHire|0x43461f82584da6e714d4745470a97ee745629ba2|-|0.4.23|Main contract handling job posting etc|
|CanHire-Escrow|0x021224710e96181acf84a5eeb5114652e3e622c9|-|0.4.23|Controls flow of money between user and CanSeek|

### ThirdParty SmartContracts

| Name | Address | Owner | Solidity Version | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|PriceOracle|0x2d60C66E51Da17384ED2E05f6aBFE63551979eA3|-|?|Price oracle for CAN:BNT used in value calculations|
|PriceOracleBase|0x625A2E3Ca1EBfa4c580C97cfc5187D4A46a7C14C|-|?|Price oracle for BNT:DAI used in value calculations|
|Bancor-Converter|0xf388f8bD7aAEE44524CFA8f91Eb78A799F71060E|-|0.4.21|CAN - BNT Bancor Converter|
|Bancor-Converter|0x634bE2E2a1Abb279F08A071a2d05DAD3c2282c9D|-|0.4.21|BNT - DAI Bancor Converter|
